BZ2020368 Minimum/Preferred cpu reqs on IBM Z (#38677)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-requirements-user-infra-ibm-z-kvm.adoc

[discrete]
=== Hardware requirements

> * The equivalent of 6 IFLs, which are SMT2 enabled, for each cluster.

Reviewer: it is true for Linux but it requires action in case the cluster runs on top of a zVM Hipervisor. Therefore Enablement is required on that level

> * At least one network connection to connect to the LoadBalancer service and for traffic outside the cluster.

Reviewer 2: Most of the references I see in the collection are either to specific services named `LoadBalancer` or references in plain text to a "load balancer." Please confirm this usage.

Also, is this one network connection? If so, consider something like:
```suggestion
* At least one network connection to both connect to the LoadBalancer service and serve data to traffic outside the cluster
```

[NOTE]
====
You can use dedicated or shared IFLs to assign sufficient compute resources. Resource sharing is one of the key strengths of IBM Z. However, you must adjust capacity correctly on each hypervisor layer and ensure sufficient resources for every OpenShift cluster.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Important: The LPARs that are used to setup the {product-title} clusters must provide sufficient compute capacity, since the overall performance of the cluster can be impacted. In this context, topics like LPAR weights, entitlements, and CPU shares on hypervisor level play an important role. 

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't use "topics" because there are existing references to "topics" in the documentation sense in the collection, and it's best to use a word in only one way whenever possible.

Also, is there a way to not have back-to-back notes? Can you move the preceding note or turn it into plain text?

```suggestion
Since the overall performance of the cluster can be impacted, the LPARs that are used to setup the {product-title} clusters must provide sufficient compute capacity. In this context, system attributes like LPAR weights, entitlements, and CPU shares on the hypervisor level play an important role. 
```

* 3 guest virtual machines for {product-title} control plane machines, distributed across the {op-system-base} KVM host machines
* At least 6 guest virtual machines for {product-title} compute machines, distributed across the {op-system-base} KVM host machines
* 1 guest virtual machine for the temporary {product-title} bootstrap machine

> * To ensure the availability of integral components in an overcommitted environment, increase the priority of the control plane using `cpu_shares`. Do the same for infrastructure nodes if they exist. See link:https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/linux-on-systems?topic=domain-schedinfo[schedinfo] in IBM Documentation.

Reviewer 2: All of the items in this list need terminating periods. :)
